SSG#471: adds offline glossary entry (#489)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/o.adoc

*See also*:

[[offline]]
== image:images/yes.png[yes] offline (adjective)

> *Description*: Use for endpoints where no network connection is present and/or all network cards are unplugged. Examples include edge devices in physically remote locations. For situations where a network is present, but devices or hosts are isolated from it, such as in restricted networks or air-gapped networks, use _disconnected_.

Reviewer: @ShaunaDiaz Can you start this so that it's clear it's for MicroShift (just like we do for "disconnected" for openshift)?  I made a suggestion but I don't know what the official name is.

```suggestion
*Description*: In MicroShift, use _offline_ for endpoints where no network connection is present or all network cards are unplugged. Examples include edge devices in physically remote locations. For situations where a network is present, but devices or hosts are isolated from it, such as in restricted networks or air-gapped networks, use _disconnected_.
```

Author: Hm I don't recall the decision being just for MicroShift. Disconnected and offline really are not the same. I would think the org would want to be accurate as a whole?

Author: Add clarification to both definitions.

> *Description*: In Red{nbsp}Hat build of MicroShift, use for endpoints where no network connection is present and/or all network cards are unplugged. Examples include edge devices in physically remote locations. For situations where a network is present, but devices or hosts are isolated from it, such as in restricted networks or air-gapped networks, use _disconnected_.

Reviewer 2: Per IBM Style, _and/or_ is a "do not use" term. Would something like this revision work? 

`In Red{nbsp}Hat build of MicroShift, use for endpoints where no network connection is present, all network cards are unplugged, or where no connection is present and all network cards are unplugged.`

![Screenshot 2024-06-27 at 12 53 53 PM](https://github.com/redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide/assets/102675557/b8368679-bcc9-42bc-960a-a2e9653e620a)

Author: I split the sentences up. WDYT?
